#introduction#
1. This software is applied to the integrated effectiveness evaluation of green of built-up region
2. Evaluation put the administrative unit as the basic unit.
3. The software consists of four modules:
- B1(ecological efficiency evaluation moudle), 
- B2(economic effiency evaluation moudle), 
- B3(social effectiveness evaluation moudle), 
- B4(comprehensive efficiency evaluation moudle).

**Urban Green Space comprehensive efficiency = Y1 * (Urban Green Space ecological efficiency) + Y2 * (Urban Green Space economical efficiency) + Y3 * (Urban Green Space social efficiency)**

*X1,X2,X3 are the weight of those three variables. They are often generated by AHP algorithm, the defaults is 0.4, 0.25,0.35. It also can be inputed bu users.*

***
##ecological efficiency evaluation moudle##
###B1 = C1 + C2 + C3###

- B1: value of urban green space ecological efficiency.
- C1: value of maintaining carbon and oxygen balance.
- C2: value of ease air pollution.
- C3: value of storing and conserving water.
- C4: value of adjusting the climate.


####C1 = ( S  * Qc * Tc + S * Qo2 * Po2 ) / 10000####

- S: the area of green in the researched location, unit is m^2.
- Qc: sequestration of unit region of green per year, default value is 0.625t/hm^2.
- Tc: Carbon tax, default value is 1024.125 RMB/t.
- Qo2: oxygen release of unit region of green per year, default value is 1.667 t/hm^2.
- Po2: price of industrial oxygen, default value is 650RMB/t.

####C2 = S * Q * Ft / 10000####
- S: the area of green in the researched location, unit is m^2.
- Q: unit region of green's ability of absorbing polluants per year.
- Ft: fee of  pollution administration.

|| *Community types* || *ability of absorb SO2(t/hm^2)* || *ability of absorb NOx*(t/hm^2)|| *ability of dust detention(t/hm^2)* ||
|| *coniferous forest* || *0.018*|| *0.18* || *33.2* ||
|| *Mixed conifer and broadleaf* || *0.152* || *0.263* || *21.65* ||
|| *broadleaf forest type* || *0.087* || *0.345* || *10.11* ||

|| *polluants* || *fee of administration(RMB/t)* ||
|| *SO2* || *600* ||
|| *NOx* || *420* ||
|| *dust* || *170* ||

####C3 = R * ( P - E - C * P ) * S / 1000####
- S: the area of green in the researched location, unit is m^2.
- R: the price of residential water， default value is 4RMB/t.
- P: annual rainfall, default value is 1317.3mm.
- E: annual evaporation， default value is 697.44mm.
- C: runoff coefficient, default value is 0.2.

####C4 = S * T * W * p * t####
- S: the area of green in the researched location, unit is m^2.
- T: cooling degree of unit region of green, default value is 0.038℃/ m2
- W: air-conditioning power consumption per hour，default value is 0.012 KWh
- P: residential electricity prices, default value is 0.462RMB/KWh
- t: averaged consumption time of air-condition per year


***

##economic effiency evaluation moudle##

###B2 = X1 * D1 + X2 * D2 + X3 * D3###
*X1, X2, X3 are weights. You can set them by yourself*

- D1: value of distance from green to park

####D1 = -0.054 * ∑ { ( Ci - C ) / C }####

*Ci is the shortest distance from district to park*

*C is the averaged distance from district to park*

- D2: the evaluation value of green's coverage

####D2 = 0.041 * ∑ { ( Li - L ) / L }####

*Li is thr evaluation value of green's coverage of district*

*L is the averaged evaluation value of grenn's coverage of region*


- D3: the evaluation value of green's scenery

####D3 = 0.047 * ∑ { ( Vi - V ) / V }####

*Vi is the evaluation value of green's scenery*
*V is the averaged evaluation value of green's scenery*

***

##social effectiveness evaluation moudle##

###B3 = SA / A###
- SA: greens' total area
- A: total area of the region

asd

***
##comprehensive efficiency evaluation moudle##

###A1 = B1(normalized) + B2(normalized) + B3(normalized)###